Now that we have built our model on Dhe calculated the error
for it.
Let's calculate the accuracy by using the K Fold cross
validation method.
It is a re sampling procedure used to evaluate machine
learning models on a limited data sample.
A single parameter called K is used, which refers
to the number of groups that a given data sample can be split
into. This is why it is called K fold Cross validation.
Let us define a cross validation function by tapping
in function.
Crush underscore validation.
I'm gonna bracket and we're going to give it the train data.
Mama. Be mhm to indicate the folds.
Hama FM.
This is the formula that we won't to be used to type in act
formula, open the brackets and type in open because we want
the opening values to be used and then a kildee on clothes
after build the brackets.
Six. Center and let's just use variable eight.
This is going to collect all the values that we calculate so
is equal to elect.
Click function is used to collect all the values.
I've been a capital pay fold from the bracket again size, so
the pay full function sets the number of falls and the size
off the falls sighs, and we indicate that we want the train
data to be used after the bracket.
Open a square bracket and type in one and comma K after
brought the brackets.
Hey, enter.
Let's create a four loop so that it hydrates through all of
the values I in one Poland clean the center.
Yeah. Now we're going to specify that the robe is equal to we
square bracket.
Hi hit.
Enter. We're going to store temporary values.
So the first is temp train because these values keep changing
as we go through the loop and I trade off the data Z equals
shoe train.
Open a square bracket role comma colon, the square bracket
hit Enter temp underscore Test is equal to train open square
bracket set if open a bracket one colon and come up role
After the bracket.
I've been a calm again and colon in Julia.
The function.
Sex def.
We'll return the values only of the first that but not off
the second set.
Next we're going to se Lin, right is equal to used the Elham
function.
This will create the linear regression model for us.
So Ella FM That's the formula that we specified previously.
Then comma camp on the score train.
After that Bush underscore Test is equal.
Q b f underscore original and say that's equal to We need to
get the data frame.
Okay, I've been beat.
A frame within the bracket happened.
Why? On the score Original.
Zeke looks temp.
Underscore.
Test open a square bracket, exclamation Colon open because we
want the opening values.
Mama, why underscore Fred is equal to predict.
Okay, bracket.
And this is where we'll keep in Limerick, which is our linear
regression model.
Oh, my camp.
The score test after both the brackets, the tender And now
we'll type in Perth.
Underscore test got error and say that's equal to purse On
the score Test Open a square bracket.
Exclamation colon!
Bye! Underscore Original minus Fresh in the score Test on a
square bracket.
Exclamation comma Polling.
Why underscore Fred?
Both perf test and proof test error we have already discussed
and we define them previously.
So it is just the same thing that we are entering here in the
cave. Hold function, hit tab and type in Prince Ellen.
So that we can see the results as the values of being I
treated within double quotations, type in mean mhm error for
a set and put in a dollar sign and I to get the exact set
number polling comma mean in a bracket.
CBS for absolute dot open another bracket purse.
Underscore test ducks ever after all of these brackets,
center type in and then her once again as well as a backspace
I'm typing.
And so this here ends the function and this ends the Foreland.
So just to make sure that you have understood the cave fold,
cross validation first splits our data into random samples.
That's what these lines do here.
Then I treated Li build the K model, which is the linear
regression model here.
It keeps building different K models for each subset off the
data which we get here.
The subset.
This is why we used deceptive because it keeps the first
subset and not the second one.
During each hydration, we then calculate the mean squared
error, which is the difference between the predicted values
and the original values, just as we have done previously.
I already showed you how to calculate the main square error.
We take the values as a data frame, then find the difference.
But here we're doing it.
I treated Li for each subset.
Finally, we calculate the mean that is the absolute mean off
the arrow value.
So when you run this function, it's been successfully
executed.
You should get multiple arrow values.
Let's check it out right now by calling the cross validation
function that we just defined survive and cross validation
from the bracket and passed the train data type in comma.
We just go for 10 values right now.
It means that the value of case 10 So the number off folds
are 10.
And when we hit run, Just note.
In my code I accidentally missed out a comma here.
When you're typing in, make sure that you add the coma there
Always You get an error once again while typing.
I missed out a comma here.
So in your code, please ensure that you at the comma here.
Well, when you call the function and you pass the train data
as well as specify 10 folds, you should get all off the error
values displayed here.