Let's generate summary statistics for our data in order
to understand it.
Better to do this in Julia, we used to describe function, so
just type and describe open a bracket.
Enter the data frame, which is the F and hit run.
We can see that we have the mean minimum median, maximum
unique and run.
No missing values.
That's a good thing, as well as the different data types.
The majority off the data is off type float 64 Onley.
Volume is of type in 64 which shouldn't cause a problem
for our analysis right now, but normally it is best to keep
all the data in a similar format.
Linear regression works best with data that has a linear
relationship.
So let's do a correlation analysis by using a scatter plot
to check if our data has a linear relationship.
To do this, we're going to type in scattered open a bracket.
DF got open because we want to see the opening values
and we have got close.
So we're going to compare the opening values as well
as the closing values.
Ben X label is equal to within double quotations, proclaim
Christ, and we'll set the Y label once again within double
quotations, this time will happen.
Closing price.
It's run.
All the data points lie on a single straight line.
Therefore, we know that there is a linear relationship
between the values, which means this data is ideal for linear
regression.
We have found that our data has a linear relationship,
but what about the distribution?
Ideally, the data should be normally distributed.
The best way to analyze Ardika and identify if it is normally
distributed is to generate a density plot and then check
for a bell curve.
This will indicate if it is normally distributed or not.
So let's Tappan Density open a bracket.
We have got close.
Former title is equal to within Rebel quotations.
That's just for the title Is Density plot?
After that comma, we'll set the wine label within double
quotations.
Open comma X label within double quote patients both.
No, we could add a legend.
So let's do that.
The four B generator plot legend is equal The truth.
All right now let's hit run.
We find that there is indeed a bell curve with a few
additional curves, but these are pretty much negligible.
So they're not going to have an adverse effect on our linear
regression.
We have completed the analysis of our data.
Now let's split our data to get it ready for the linear
regression model.
We're going to use the lap package so type in using lucky
0.3 Process.
Colin Green Best weeks.
Let's call a new data frames train and test did say
that's equal to green rest but open a bracket.
The F comma.
Let's split it in the percent age of 75 so well, type
and point an MP five.
It's wrong.
You should get an output like this, which indicates which
parts of the data have gone to the first data frame and which
parts have gone to the second.