To understand the performance off our model.
Let's do a distribution analysis on the arrow values that we
just obtained.
The best way to do this is to visualize it in the form
off a hist a gram so will generate the history.
Graham.
By typing in Mr Graham, I'm gonna bracket Yes, blot open,
which are the values of the stroke at the time.
Off opening Coma.
Let's set the number of bins killed.
15. This seems like a good number for now.
You could experiment with that number if you like.
On a related title within Rebel quote patients, let's specify
that this hissed a gram indicates the test error analysis.
After that, type in a coma.
Why label is equal to within double quotations frequency.
So along the y axis, we're going to see the label Frequency
and X label is equal to within double quotations We ever
values and type in a coma, and we'll add a legend.
They just said Legend to true.
Let's hit, run, generate our hissed a gram.
It may take some time because it has to take into account all
of the data points, and you should get an output similar
to mine.
What we're looking for is a bell curve, which is indeed what
we get because it has a steep incline and a steep decline.
The spell shape indicates a normal distribution, which means
that values are ideal.
In order to analyze the train error, we're going to use
the same block of clothes that we used for the test error.
So let's just copy it safe time and paste it so in a new line.
Now, wherever you've written test, just replace it with train
once again, take your time and do this correctly
so that you don't get any Errol's.
Once you feel you already that run and all the values
should be printed out again to analyze it efficiently,
we're going to generate another hissed a gram.
So just copy the code from the test, hissed a gram
and in a new line wasted on dhe this time, change the value
from open close because we want to study the closing prices
on you can change the title train error analysis hit Run.
You should get a graph that looks very similar to the
previous one, and once again, since it is in a bell shape,
the curve is in a bell Sheep.
This means that the data is normally distributed.