R M A P function is literally going to be, as I have just
explained it.
So let's define our function.
I think function m a p e Open a bracket.
Earth Underscore.
Yes. So it's accepting the data frame off our performance.
The cantor now say m a p Zeke look soup the mean We're
calculating the mean.
Then maybe yes, this will calculate the absolute value.
Open another bracket us and the score.
BF not error, which is the error that we just calculated
above dot Make sure you put this shot here slash fish the
score DF dot Why underscore original.
So you should have to closing brackets and after that it
entered.
Now we'll return the value of MMP tender once again,
backspace and and this is a sin text off a function in Julia
hit run.
This indicates that your function is successfully executed.
Now let's talk about our MSC or a messy or the root Mean
square is also known as root mean square deviation.
It details the standard deviation off the difference between
the predicted value and the estimated value.
This is another popular choice for linear regression problems.
Let's define our function so we're going to type in function
and we'll call it our MSC.
Open a bracket once again, it accepts the data frame perf
underscore dia after the bracket hit, Enter and let's say, or
a messy is equal to es que rt.
So that's going to calculate the square root within brackets
mean that will calculate the mean value.
Open another bracket and type and curse underscore.
BF God ever, which is the arrow value that we calculated
previously, then typing.
Adopt Asterix on Once again press underscore we have got ever
after. Both the closing brackets hit, enter and type in
return are a messy it.
Enter backspace and end.
It's run.
This function is ready as well.
We will now print out the values off the M A P E as well as
our messy and which relies them in the form of a history.
Graham.
To understand the distribution better, let's begin by
calculating the maybe and our messy for the test data.
So just type in Prince Ellen.
Open a bracket and within double quotations, real type in
mean, absolute.
It's like uh huh and added colon after the double quotation
drama. I mean, I'm gonna bracket BBS, Duck open another
bracket.
Fish on the score.
Test watch.
Hello. And after both the brackets, make sure you go to the
end off to off them Captain Comma and within DoubleClick,
patients at a slash and N which one you line.
Make sure you first go to the end of the bracket and then to
the new line.
Next, we're going to type in print.
Ellen. Open a bracket and within DoubleClick patients well
type in mean absolute percentage ever after the public
location.
Type in a comma, and this is where you will call the MHP
function that we justified.
Open a bracket type and push under score test.
After that, I been a comma and within double quotations flash
and then close the bracket hit.
Enter once again, type in print Ellen Bracket and within
double quotations.
This time we're going to type in reach.
I mean square desk Sarah at Colin O'clock comma.
This is where we call in our our MSC function.
Open a bracket and give it the value off purse on the score.
Yes, after that comma within double quotations.
Flash n which one you line type in print.
Ellen open a bracket within double quotations have been mean.
Where Best error colon after the double quotation comma, then
type in mean we're gonna bracket first.
Underscore test darks error underscore.
It's cute.
After the bracket, come on within.
Double quotation slash and they should print all of the
values, so just hit Run, and you should get the values here.