Using the careful values we need to make sure that the errors
do not very much, that is, the variance should be minimal.
Then we know that our model is good.
So looking at the values for the 1st 10 arrows, we find that
we appoint five 0.4.
These are only too well, just round off to the first decimal
point for convenience and the variance is negligible.
So this means our model is good.
Now let's talk about multiple linear regression, multiple
linear regression ISS similar to linear regression.
But it takes multiple additional values.
For example, in our linear regression, all we did was take
the opening and closing values.
But now let's add the high values on the low values to see
how our model performs.
Just we will define our formula by saying FM one is equal
to at formula.
Open the bracket so open, okay, and we're going to say close.
This is similar so far to our linear regression.
But after close, we're going to add our additional para
meters, so we're going to say plus high plus hello.
After that in the new line, we will build our model by typing
in Limerick, one that between differentiate between a linear
regression model, which was just lin, right, and our multiple
linear regression model, which is Lynn Rig one.
Use the L. M.
Function.
Open a bracket and across the formula, as well as the train
data. It's run.
You should get the output like this showing
in the coefficient.
Standard error lower and upper 95%.
Last time you saw how I calculated wth e r square value.
So this time I want you to try it cause the video here
and give it a shot.
You can refer to the formula that I used, and when you feel
you've solved it, play the video again to see how I do it,
ready for the solution so you use the function.
Are too open a bracket and type in Limerick one.
It's as simple as that.
Then you hit run, and you should get the value similar
to mine.
If you recall, I said that one is the maximum value that you
can get, and that indicates that your model is perfect.
Since we have a 0.9 when you round it off, it does come toe
one, or even if you don't want a round it off.
It's still nine, so the model is good.
Now let's move on to making the prediction.
It's similar to how we make predictions for a linear
regression model, so I want you to try it on your own.
Just remember to change the name off the variables.
I would advise you to add one at the end, as I have done
for the Lynn Rag model, so that there are no confusions
with your results.
Once the video here and give it a shot when you feel you're
ready, played with you again to see how I do it, ready
for the solution to save time, and I'm pretty sure you
would have done the same.
I'm going to copy the code block from here.
So let's first begin that the prediction and type it here.
As I said, Unique change the variable names.
So just at a one in both of these sections and the model is
Lynn Rick What?
So just add the one on.
It's the same down here.
We don't have a test one and a train once.
Don't try to change those two.
It run, and you should yet a successful execution
off the cell.
Now for the test performance data frame, just copy and paste
code and changed the variables.
The original one by original one leave test as it is as well
as open.
Why pred should have a one and test prayed.
Should have a one and the next line.
Don't have one after error added before error than perf test
one. Why underscore Original one once again perf test
one and wipe red one.
Then we have perfect test at one there, then dot Error
Underscore Rescue Earth Test one and proof test one.
Run the south.
This should give you the test Eros.
Likewise for the train arrows.
We just need to add one to all the necessary regions to take
your time and make the necessary changes.
Then when you're ready, Hit, Run.
There you go.
Let's move on to the error analysis.
Once again, this is similar to what we've done for our linear
regression model.
I want you to try this on your own as well.
But this time I want you to find only the main absolute error.
Just type in the code for that, and then we can move on to
the next part.
So pause the video here, give it a shot And when you feel
you're ready, play the video again to see how I do it.
Ready for the solution.
So you should have typed in your code like this.
You can copy and paste it as I have to make it easier.
Uh huh.
And change that toe one.
Everything else remains the same.
So hit Run for the error analysis.
We will generate a hist a gram And there is a slight change
in the history Graham para Mitos So we'll do this together.
But if you've already done it well, in good just double check
with what I've done What is the code for the hissed?
A gram and the changes you need to make our instead of using
the F open or close, we're going to use the performance data
superb on the score test one dot Never because we want to see
the error.
Now you can leave the bins is 50 ah nde Leave the title as
well as the Y label on dhe X label The legend It's up to you.
If you want to display it, you can leave it as true.
Otherwise, change it to faults.
It's run, and this is what you're graph should look like.
There is indeed a bell curve once again, which means the
distribution is normal.
The train data find out on your own.
It is the same code as we used previously, but change the
variable by adding a one at it.
Just calculate the mean error for now.
So pause the video here, try it for yourself and this time
generate the graph to then play the video again to see how I
do it.