Measure the performance off our model by calculating the R
squared errors off both the test performance as well
as the train performance.
This means that we subtract are predicted values
from the original values and then find the square off
the result you'll understand as we do it.
First, Let's create two variables which contain the data
frame off the original values on dhe, the predicted values.
So we're going to call these two variables perf underscore,
test and say that's equal to the second variable, which is DF,
the score original and that is equal to Here's where
we create our data frame could be.
Make sure you put a capital f wouldn't bracket.
Why underscore?
Regional is equal to test.
So from the cast data, we are taking only the open values
because that's what we're interested in.
Colin Open after that type in comma by Underscore, Read is
equal to pest and the score tread.
But we have the open values trembled the prediction as well
as theory.
Jinnah LH open values in a single data frame.
Next, let's calculate the error.
That is the difference between the predicted values
on the original values.
So we're going to create the variable, fresh underscore test
fuck ever and say that's equal to her scored test.
We're gonna square bracket once again.
Exclamation comma colon!
This time we're taking the y.
Underscore original values, often the square bracket.
Subtract first the score test Open a square bracket.
Exclamation comma colon.
Why underscore predicted values?
So why are the score credit that will Catholic the difference
for us?
And now we just find the square off perf underscore test dot
error. So let's name the new variable perf the score test dot
ever. And the score es que for square played Brad is equal
to yes on the score test got era.
Now make sure you put a full stop and then an Asterix
and once again type and push underscore Teske, not era.
So this will multiply the value of profound school test error
by itself to give you the square value to make sure
it doesn't print out the values just yet.
Add a semi colon at the end of the line and had run there
since Sellers run.
Now let's do the same calculation.
But for the train data the safe time, let's just copy
this code lock and paste it in the next line.
Wherever you have test, just change it to train.
Be very careful when doing this and make sure that you've
changed all the test values to train.
You can take your time here.
Don't be in a rush, because if you get any it does.
It will most probably be because you haven't changed it
correctly.
Song. Take your time.
Change all the variables.
Okay, then when you feel you're ready Hit, Run.
The cell has been executed.
Now let's define functions to find the M A p as well as tthe
e r m sc mm p or the mean absolute percentage error is also
known as the main absolute percentage deviation.
It is a measure of prediction, accuracy off a forecasting
method and statistics.
For example, In trans simulations, it is used as a loss
function.
What we're doing right now is a trend simulation for stock
data, and this is why I m a P e is an ideal loss function.